## 1) 2 Timothy 3:16 - Introduction to the Bible {{{
  "All Scripture is inspired by God and  
  profitable for teaching, for reproof,     
  for correction, for training in righteousness"
}}}

## 2) 2 Timothy 2:15 - How to Know the Bible {{{
  "Be diligent to present yourself approved by God   
  as a workman who does not need to be ashamed,   
  accurately handling the word of truth."
}}}
   
## 3) 1 Chronicles 29:11 - God: His Characteristics & Attributes  {{{
  "Yours, O Lord, is the greatness and the power, 
  and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty.    
  Indeed everything that is in the heavens and the earth;   
  Yours is the dominion, O Lord, and You exalt yourself as head over all."
}}}
   
## 4) John 1:1, 14 - The Person of Jesus Christ {{{
  "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, 
  and we saw His glory, glory as of the only begotten from the Father, full of grace and truth."
}}}

2 Timothy 3:16 - Introduction to the Bible 
  All Scriptures is inspired by God and is profitable for teaching, 
  for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness.

2 Timothy 2:15 - How to Read the Bible
  Be diligent to present yourself approved by God 
  as a workman who does not need to be ashamed, 
  accurately handling the word of truth

1 Chronicles 29:11 - God's Characteristics & Attributes
  Yours, O Lord, is the greatness and the power
  and the glory and the victory and the majesty
  Indeed everything that is in heaven and earth
  Yours is the dominion O Lord, and You exalt yourself as head over all

John 1:1, 14 - The Person of Jesus Christ
  In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God.
  And the word became flesh and dwelt among us.
  and We saw his glory, glory as of the only begotten from the Father, full of grace and truth

========================================

2 Timothy 3:16 - Introduction to the Bible
  All scriptures is inspired by God and profitable for teaching,
  for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness.

2 Timothy 2:15 - How to Read the bible
  Be diligent to present yourself approved by God as a workman who does not need to be ashamed,
  accurately handling the word of truth.

1 Chronicles 29:11 - God's Characteristics & Attributes
  Yours O Lord, is the greatness and the power 
  and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty.
  Indeed everything that is in heaven and earth.
  Yours is the dominion, O Lord, and you Exalt yourself as head over all.

1 John 1, 14 - The Person of Jesus Christ
  In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God. 
  and the word became flesh and dwelt among us. 
  We saw his glory, glory as of the only begotten from the father, full of graceness and truth




## 5) 1 Corinthians 15:3-4 - The Work of Christ  {{{
  "For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received,   
  that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, and that He was buried, 
  and that He was raised on the 3rd day according to the Scriptures."   
}}}
   
## 6) Ephesians 2:8-10 - Salvation {{{
  "For by grace you have been saved through faith; and that not of yourselves.   
  It is the gift of God; not as a result of works, so that no one may boast.   
  For we are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works,   
  which God prepared beforehand so that we would walk in them."
}}}
   